Update java.md (#32367)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/java.md

    chmod 755 /opt/datadog-profiler-tmp
    java -Ddd.profiling.tempdir=/opt/datadog-profiler-tmp -javaagent:/path/to/dd-java-agent.jar ...
    ```

> - If you are enabling profiling using SSI, you can include the below env in the application_monitoring.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you enable profiling using SSI, you can include the below environment variable in the `application_monitoring.yaml`.
```
